DGX-1 CLOUD SUBSCRIPTION SUPPLEMENT TO END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
RELEASE DATE: NOVEMBER 30, 2016
The terms set forth in this DGX-1 Cloud Subscription Supplement ("Supplement") govern (a) your use of certain Licensed Software licensed and associated services provided to you for use with the NVIDIA DGX-1 appliance ("Product") under the terms of your software license agreement ("SLA") as modified by this Supplement, and (b) other software that you are permitted to access and use and activities that you are permitted to do as described below (collectively, the "Subscription"). This Supplement is an exhibit to the SLA and is hereby incorporated as an integral part thereto. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning assigned to them in the SLA. In the event of conflict between the terms in this Supplement and the terms in the SLA, this Supplement shall control.

The Subscription will be accessed from NVIDIA's website with the primary domain name at compute.nvidia.com, or as otherwise indicated by NVIDIA. Access to the Subscription requires internet and such access will be available from NVIDIA during your Subscription period (unless your license is earlier terminated in accordance with the SLA).

Each Subscription, including the Licensed Software and related services, will be associated with a single Product unit. Multiple Product units require an equivalent number of Subscriptions. All Licensed Software delivered under the SLA and this Supplement is licensed for use with Products only.

1. THE SUBSCRIPTION SOLUTION. During your Subscription period NVIDIA will provide access to one or more of the following, as available at NVIDIA's sole discretion to subscribers, subject to the terms of the SLA and this Supplement:
(a) NVIDIA cloud based Software, including management, monitoring, scheduling and container related Software for use with your Products;
(b) Maintenance, Updates and Upgrades to the Licensed Software, if and when made available by NVIDIA to subscribers generally, for use with your Products under a Subscription;
(c) additional Licensed Software licensed by NVIDIA, if and when made available by NVIDIA to subscribers generally ("NVIDIA Containerized Software"), for use with your Products under a Subscription as further described below in this Supplement; and/or
(d) the ability to upload your containers consisting of software executables, software libraries, software environment and/or embedded software files and notices (each, a "Customer Containerized Software") to private cloud based repositories for use as further described below in this Supplement.
You agree that your use of the Subscription is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or feature, or dependent on any oral or written public comments made with regards to future functionality or features.

NVIDIA Containerized Software available as part of the Subscription may be subject to other terms and conditions that will be presented to you for acceptance and/or fees that will be required prior to your first access to the NVIDIA Containerized Software. If no terms and conditions are presented for certain NVIDIA Containerized Software, then such NVIDIA Containerized Software is licensed under the SLA and this Supplement. Also, if no further fees are required prior to your first access, then no further fees apply to the use of such NVIDIA Containerized Software under the applicable terms.

2. AUTHORIZED USERS. Each email and password login account may be used by a single individual Authorized User. You are responsible for all use and misuse of the Subscription and all activities that occur under your Authorized User's login credential, and you agree to notify NVIDIA's product security Incident response team at psirt@nvidia.com of any unauthorized access or use of which you become aware. You agree that you will not (nor allow Authorized Users to) access the Subscription using shared login credentials. The terms that apply to you under this Supplement apply to all of your Authorized Users.
3. PERMITTED USE OF NVIDIA CONTAINERIZED SOFTWARE. You may upload to and download from the Subscription cloud NVIDIA Containerized Software made available by NVIDIA at its sole discretion to subscribers from time to time and place the NVIDIA Containerized Software in the Subscription cloud repositories for use with the Product. You may then access, use, organize and share NVIDIA Containerized Software in such repositories privately with your other Authorized Users.
4. PERMITTED USE OF CUSTOMER CONTAINERIZED SOFTWARE. You may upload to and download from the Subscription cloud Customer Containerized Software and place the Customer Containerized Software in the Subscription cloud repositories for use with the Product. You may then access, use, modify, organize and share Customer Containerized Software in such repositories privately with your other Authorized Users. NVIDIA will treat your Customer Containerized Software placed in a private repository as Confidential Information under the SLA, unless and until it is or becomes non-confidential due to actions or omissions by you or a third party.
You are entirely responsible for all Customer Containerized Software uploaded and otherwise made available through the Subscription cloud under your Authorized User's accounts, and for protecting your privacy and rights. Any content in the Subscription cloud that you were not authorized to upload or make available in the Subscription cloud as described in the "Prohibited Uses" section below is shared at your sole risk and you understand it can be read, collected, used and modified by those with access to the repository and NVIDIA is not responsible for such content including (without limitation) your legal and regulatory compliance.

5. PROHIBITED USES. Other than Customer Containerized Software in repositories you are not authorized to upload or make available in the Subscription cloud other data, text, links, graphics, images, sounds, and other materials. In connection with providing or otherwise making available Customer Containerized Software through the Subscription cloud, you represent and warrant that neither the Customer Containerized Software nor your posting, publication, submission or transmittal of it or the use of it (or any portion thereof) will: (a) infringe, misappropriate or violate a third party's patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, moral rights or other Intellectual Property Rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or otherwise violates the terms under which you are licensed; (b) contain mass mailings or any form of "spam"; (c) express or imply any endorsement of your Customer Containerized Software by NVIDIA; or (d) violate applicable national or international export and import laws, rules and regulations. You further represent and warrant that you will not post, submit or otherwise transmit any Customer Containerized Software or other material that: (i) violates, or encourages any conduct that would violate any applicable law or regulation or would give rise to legal liability; (ii) is fraudulent, false, misleading or deceptive; (iii) is defamatory, obscene, pornographic, vulgar or offensive; (iv) promotes discrimination, bigotry, racism, hatred, harassment or harm against any individual or group; (v) is violent or threatening or promotes violence or actions that are threatening to any other person; (vi) promotes illegal activities; (xii) contains any malware, viruses, drop dead device, worm, trojan horse, trap, back door or other software routine that is designed to delete, disable, deactivate, interfere with or otherwise harm any software, program, data, device, system or service, or which is intended to provide unauthorized access or to produce unauthorized modifications; or (xiii) use any robot, spider, data scrapping or extraction tool or other similar mechanism with respect to the Subscription cloud. You agree not to engage in activities that interfere with or disrupt the use of the Subscription cloud, including interfering with other users' enjoyment thereof. Last, you agree not to impersonate another person (via email account or other means) or otherwise misrepresent yourself as the source of any Customer Containerized Software or exploit the Subscription cloud for any unauthorized commercial use. You are responsible for the consequences of Customer Containerized Software that does not conform to the usage right and limitations described in this Supplement.
6. CUSTOMER CONTAINERIZED SOFTWARE LICENSES. You represent and warranty that you and your Authorized Users have sufficient rights, permissions and consents necessary (i) to submit all Customer Containerized Software; and (ii) grant NVIDIA and its personnel, personnel of its subsidiaries, other NVIDIA designees the non-exclusive worldwide limited right and license to access, use and transmit Customer Containerized Software for the purpose of servicing you under this Supplement.
7. HANDLING OF CUSTOMER CONTAINERIZED SOFTWARE. NVIDIA does not pre-screen Customer Containerized Software submitted and, as such, NVIDIA does not provide support, endorse and is not responsible for the accuracy, usefulness, or Intellectual Property Rights of or relating to Customer Containerized Software.
You understand that NVIDIA and its designees may scan Customer Containerized Software at any time to check for potential security vulnerabilities and other issues and may request that you immediately remedy any issue it discovers in your Customer Containerized Software. NVIDIA shall have the right (but not the obligation), at any time and without prior notice, to deny, remove or disable access to any Customer Containerized Software: (i) that NVIDIA considers, in its sole discretion, to be in violation of this Supplement or otherwise harmful to the Subscription cloud; (ii) for the purpose of operating and maintaining the Subscription cloud; (iii) to ensure your compliance with this Supplement; or (iv) to comply with applicable law or the order or requirement of a court, administrative agency or other governmental body. Further, NVIDIA may elect to remove any Customer Containerized Software if properly notified that such Customer Containerized Software infringes on another party's Intellectual Property Rights.

If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe that any Customer Containerized Software infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") by mailing your notice to the attention of the NVIDIA Copyright Agent, NVIDIA Corporation Legal Department, with an address at 2701 San Tomas Expressway, Santa Clara CA 95050 USA in accordance with 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3). Additional information about NVIDIA's copyright notice and procedures are located at http://www.nvidia.com/object/copyright_claims.html. You acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the DMCA requirements, your DMCA notice may not be valid.
8. UPDATES. NVIDIA is constantly innovating in order to improve the user experience and as such the form and nature of the Subscription cloud, the services, and the Licensed Software and features available may change from time to time at NVIDIA's sole discretion, beyond patches and maintenance thereto. In addition you agree to receive automatic Maintenance, Updates and/or Upgrades without any additional notice and you permit NVIDIA to download and install them for you in a Product. You consent to the updates described in this section and agree that NVIDIA shall not be liable for any damages, loss of data or loss of functionalities arising therefrom. It is recommended that you backup your Customer Containerized Software frequently.
9. EXPIRATION OR TERMINATION OF THE SUBSCRIPTION. Upon the expiration of your Subscription (or any renewals thereof), you may retain the NVIDIA Containerized Software that was downloaded under this Supplement during your Subscription period as follows: (i) for an undetermined period of time, except if you obtained a time based license that lasts only for the specified period of time, and (ii) subject to continued compliance with the terms of the SLA and this Supplement, provided that the such continued use is solely with the Products in which the NVIDIA Containerized Software was used during your Subscription period. You may download Customer Containerized Software at any time during your Subscription period. After thirty (30) days of the termination or expiration of your Subscription NVIDIA has no obligation to retain, and may delete, your Customer Containerized Software and any other of your materials from the Subscription cloud at any time. NVIDIA reserves the right to maintain your account information from previous Subscriptions for future use with you.
10. THIRD PARTY LICENSES. Prior to using the NVIDIA Containerized Software that includes the 1-bit Stochastic Gradient Descent (1-bit SGD) for the Computational Network Toolkit, you must obtain a license for the Microsoft software directly from Microsoft, available licenses being located at https://www.cntk.ai/. Your use of Microsoft software delivered by NVIDIA must be consistent with the scope of the license you obtain from Microsoft.
11. INDEMNITY. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless NVIDIA and its affiliates, and their respective employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, fines, restitutions and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees and costs incident to establishing the right of indemnification) arising out of or related to your Customer Containerized Software and the use thereof as permitted under this Supplement.
12. WARRANTY. THE TERMS IN THE "NO WARRANTIES" SECTION OF THE SLA APPLIES TO THIS SUPPLEMENT, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) THE SUBSCRIPTION, LICENSED SOFTWARE, NVIDIA CONTAINERIZED SOFTWARE AND CLOUD SOLUTION UPDATES.
13. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NVIDIA WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR (I) ANY INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, (II) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTION TO THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE OR A WEBSITE YOU MAY ACCESS THROUGH THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, (III) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MISS DELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESCTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION, (IV) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO DATA VIA THE SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE, OR (V) EVENTS BEYOND NVIDIA'S REASONABLE CONTROL. IN ADDITION TO THE PRECEDING TERMS, ALL OF THE TERMS IN THE "LIMITATION OF LIABILITY" SECTION OF THE SLA APPLIES TO THIS SUPPLEMENT, INCLUDING (WITHOUT LIMITATION) THE SUBSCRIPTION, LICENSED SOFTWARE, NVIDIA CONTAINERIZED SOFTWARE AND CLOUD SOLUTION UPDATES.
14. AUDIT. During the term of the AGREEMENT and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, you will maintain complete and accurate books and records regarding use of the Licensed Software and your performance and administration of the AGREEMENT. During such period and upon written notice to you, NVIDIA or its authorized third party auditors subject to confidentiality obligations will have the right to inspect and audit your Enterprise books and records for the purpose of confirming your compliance with the terms of the AGREEMENT. Any such inspection and audit will be conducted during regular business hours, in a manner that minimizes interference with your normal business activities, and no more frequent than annually unless non-compliance was previously found. If such an inspection and audit reveals an underpayment of any amounts payable to NVIDIA, then you will promptly remit the full amount of such underpayment to NVIDIA, including interest that will accrue (without the requirement of a notice) at the lower of 1.5% per month or the highest rate permissible by law. If the underpaid amount exceeds five percent (5%) of the amounts payable to NVIDIA for the period audited and/or such an inspection and audit reveals a material non-conformance with the terms of the AGREEMENT, then you will also pay NVIDIA's reasonable costs of conducting the inspection and audit. Further, you agree that the party delivering the Licensed Software to you may collect and disclose to NVIDIA (subject to confidentiality obligations) information for NVIDIA to verify your compliance with the terms of the AGREEMENT including (without limitation) information regarding your usage of the Licensed Software.
15. EXPIRATION OF TERMINATION OF THIS SUPPLEMENT. Your failure to comply with the terms of this Supplement is ground for termination for breach by NVIDIA under the SLA. This Supplement will automatically expire or terminate upon the expiration or termination of the Subscription plan purchased or the SLA.

© 2017 NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.
