# This is a page to summarize what the committee does and the progress


After the first meeting (October 1 2018), edited:


...

We determined to meet monthly as a full group, the first Monday of every month, from 1:00-2:00 p.m.  

Where: Honnold Conference Room

We decided to strike the January meeting of the full group as it would take place two weeks prior to the beginning of instruction for the spring semester. 

Monday, November 5

Monday, December 3

Monday; February 4

Monday, March 4

Monday, April Fools

Monday, May 6 


 
In between those full group meetings, during the latter two weeks of each month, you should plan to meet with your 
subcommittee at times of your choosing. If you would like assistance with coordinating schedules and/or 
securing meeting space for these, please feel warmly welcomed to call on me. 
Tessa and I looked at the breakdown of the subcommittees and decided that rather than charge a separate group 
with ITS Infrastructure focus (which would have been comprised entirely of individuals already signed up on 
other subcommittees) we would just ask that the three remaining subcommittees make it a point to purposefully 
consider data science academic infrastructure needs in relation to your group’s broader theme. Accordingly, 
based on my notes of your expressed interest (and with an eye toward balancing the groups more or less evenly) 
here is what I understand the (now three) subcommittees’ composition to be:
 
DS Curricular Coherence: Tessa, Susan, Shana, Michael (+ Pomona faculty rep?)

·        I heard this group decide on a 10/15, 1:00-2:00 p.m. meeting. I reserved the Honnold Conference Room on your behalf.
 
DS Faculty Development: Jeanine, Mary, Greg, Asya, Jeho

·        I heard this group decide on a 10/29, 1:00-2:00 p.m. meeting. I reserved the Honnold Conference Room on your behalf (but perhaps you’d prefer to relocate to CTL’s conference room? Mary can advise whether it’s free at that time.)
 
DS Advancement and Outreach: Michael, Hovig, Jim

·        Just let me know if you’d like help coordinating a meeting time/loc.


 
Generally speaking, the subcommittees are charged with examining the goals laid out in the table, performing triage, 
articulating action plans and timelines, and identifying with whom on which campuses the working group should liaise 
in order to bring the objectives to fruition. OCAC's aims as facilitators are to provide clear expectations and 
problem-solving efforts for the overall vision and goals of this working group, to track progress and relay it, 
along with any expressed concerns or requests, to the 7C deans and presidents, and in the words of Deb Mashek, to 
"organize all stakeholders around a common purpose that is congruent with desired outcomes and intersecting ambition" 
(Mashek and Nanfito, 2015). 
 
Note that a dedicated Sakai site will be created very soon, to house all relevant documents/information and I’ll send 
you all that link/invitation when ready.
 
Please reach out to Tessa or me with any questions or concerns. Thanks!
 
Christine

_

CHRISTINE M. COSTANZA
Administrative Coordinator, OCAC
      OCAC_Logo_Horiz_Color-300x80

909.607.0204 | christine_costanza@cuc.claremont.edu | collaboration.claremont.edu
 
